Tangled Up In Blue
Bob Dylan
Key: G

























G     G4    G     G4
                  
G                     F                G               F
Early one morning the sun was shinin', I was layin' in bed.
G                F               C
Wonderin' if she changed at all, if her hair was still red.
G                  F              G                 F
Her folks said our lives together sure was gonna be rough.
G                          F               C
They never did like mama's homemade dress; Papa's bankbook wasn't big enough.

D                     Em
I was standin' on the side of the road
G                  C
Rain fallin' on my shoes.
D                   Em
Headin' out for the east coast
     G                    C            D
Lord knows I've paid some dues gettin' through
F       C     G          G4    G     G4
Tangled up in blue.

She was married when we first met, soon to be divorced
I helped her out of a jam I guess but I used a little too much force.
We drove that car as far as we could, abandoned it out west.
Split up up on a dark sad night both agreein' it was best.

She turned around to look at me
As I was walkin' away.
I heard her say over my shoulder
"We'll meet again some day on the avenue"
Tangled up in blue.

I had a job in the Great North Woods workin' as a cook for spell
But I never did like it all that much and one day the axe just fell.
So I drifted down to New Orleans where I was lucky 'nough to be employed
Workin' for a while on a fishing boat right out side Delacroix.

But all the while I was alone
The past was close behind
I met a lot of women
But she never escaped my mind and I just grew
Tangled up in blue.

She was workin' in a topless place when I stopped in for a beer.
I just kept lookin' at the side of her face in the spot light so clear.
Later on as the crowd thinned out I was just about to do the same.
She was standin' there in back of my chair sayin' "Tell me, don`t I know your na
me?"

I muttered something underneath my breath.
She studied the lines on my face.
I must admit I was a little uneasy
When she bent down to tie the laces on my shoe.
Tangled up in blue.

She lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe.
"I thought you'd never say hello" she said; "You look like the silent type."
Then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me.
Written by an Italian poet from the 13th century.

And everyone of those words rang true
And glowed like a burnin' coal.
Flowing off of every page
Like it was written in my soul from me to you.
Tangled up in blue.

I lived with him on Montague Street in a basement down the stairs.
There was music in the cafes at night and revolution in the air.
Then he started into dealing in slaves and somethin' inside of him died.
She had to sell everything she owned and just froze up inside.

Then at last when the bottom fell out
I became withdrawn.
The only thing I knew how to do
Was to keep on keepin' on like a bird that flew
Tangled up in blue.

Now I'm going back again, I've got to get to her somehow.
All the people we used to know they're an illusion to me now.
Some are mathemeticians, some are carpenter's wives.
Don't know how it all got started; I don't know what they're doin' with their li
ves.

But me I'm still on the road
Headin' for another joint.
We always did feel the same
We just saw it from a different point of view.
Tangled up in blue.
